\section{Related Work}
Previous research on news content analysis for forecasting its popularity before publishing takes a lot of factors besides content. Often, factors like social network links, inorganic links undermines content of articles. We believe that content is still king of any article.
In haystack clustering paper, a news article on any particular topic according to static, dynamic and social factors. We just consider static and dynamic factors to design a framework that does event based clustering and filters duplicate and less relevant news, making it easier to read the more interesting news in less time. 
Traditionally, feature extraction for articles clustering is done using self-design features such as name entity relation, Tf IDF. On the other hand, researchers have found convolutional networks \cite{lecun1989backpropagation}\cite{lecun1998gradient} are useful in extracting information from raw signals, ranging from computer vision applications to speech recognition and others Zhang et. al. \cite{zhang2015character} explored treating the text as a kind of raw signal at the character level and applying temporal (one-dimensional) ConvNets to it. It has been shown that ConvNets can be directly applied to distributed\cite{dos2014deep}\cite{kim2014convolutional} or discrete\cite{johnson2014effective} embedding of words, without any knowledge on the syntactic or semantic structures of a language. These approaches have been proven to be competitive to traditional models. This simplification of engineering could be crucial for a single system that can work for different language since characters always constitute a necessary construct regardless of whether segmentation into words is possible. Working on only characters also has the advantage that abnormal character combinations such as spelling mistakes and emoticons may be naturally learned.
Finally, we predict the most popular articles in different clusters by different factors such as news source that generates those articles, the subjectivity of the language in the article, factual completeness of the article, name entities mentioned in the article.
